
Workflow
1. Capture - The phone captures the image(which is the foot)
2. Reference - The scale object will be a credit card/ID
3. Process - The image is processed to the backend/ML model
4. Output - Information returned to user profile


Foot Scan Details
Top-Down View : For width and length
Side View : For arch and instep



Photo Details :
1. The card should be lined up next to the foot with the card going with the direction of the foot
2. The user should hold the phone level( I want to use this, Most pros use a "Level" UI element that turns green when the phone is flat)
3. Please ensure that the background of the image is not white and make sure the card and the ground are not the same color.


Valdiation Checklist:
1. Is the entire foot in the frame?

2. Is the card in the frame?

3. Does everything from here check off?

- Photo Details :

1. The card should be lined up next to the foot with the card going with the direction of the foot

2. The user should hold the phone level( I want to use this, Most pros use a "Level" UI element that turns green when the phone is flat)

3. Please ensure that the background of the image is not white and make sure the card and the ground are not the same color.

Process Check:
    IDLE: User is on the home screen.
    INSTRUCTIONS: User is reading your 3-step guide.
    CAPTURING: The camera is open, and the "Level" UI is active.
    VALIDATING: The app is checking for the card and the foot.
    SUCCESS: The measurements are calculated and saved to the profile.


Common Feedback Messages (Focused on graceful failures)
    1. The phone was tilted (not level).
    2. The room is too dark.
    3. The card is missing from the photo.
    4. The background colors match too much


    Feedback Messages
    Failure Type.  Technical Reason,      "User-Facing ""Path to Success"" Message"
    Tilt Error -> Accelerometer pitch/roll >±2∘ -> """Hold your phone flat! Watch for the level to turn green."""
    Luminance Error -> Average pixel brightness too low -> """It's a bit dark in here. Try turning on a light for a clearer scan."""
    Object Missing -> Card Bounding Box not detected -> """We can't find your card! Make sure it's visible right next to your foot."""
    Contrast Error -> Delta between foot/floor colors is low -> """Hard to see your foot! Try standing on a floor with a different color."""

